there should be some serious shit going
down WB pay back review coming to you
here this is Stevie bridge coming to you
live from the wrestle center here
watching pay back up as a bivvy network
everybody loves it basically watching
this for free of charge something -
movie network oh my god we just saw
Daniel Bryan's decision seven man
brought him out there to the middle of
the Ring trying to figure out who is
going to be the WBA champion lots of
talk out there about Kevin's pictures
being sent out there from backstage at
payback today would do Randy Orton side
plates on the WV title where they miss
triple and get the belt to Orton and
then have a fighting champion for the
next little while but no that did not
happen
Daniel Bryan came down to the center of
the Ring he had his whole decision I'll
put out for him by septic man was he was
demanding the titles back saying even
those titles were breed is going to be
prior brie of course had one of the
major players in the Divas division as
well as the major player for the old
total divas you can say that she is one
of the biggest stars coming out of that
show but what an awesome moment the
breeze steps up she takes the decision
right out at the end of Bryan's hands
she quits the WB and slaps Stephanie
McMahon right across the face basically
calling her a bitch
bringing back the Attitude Era
everybody's going bananas right now
bitch on a pay-per-view on The WB
network man who would have thought that
what that word would have so much Neha
you know value to wrestling fans these
days in 2014 but oh my gosh we now know
that Daniel Bryan is going to be
champion for the next little while
unless the authority steps up to the
plate and decides that another ultimatum
needs to be made we need to find a way
to get Daniel Bryan back to a health
before the money in the bank
pay-per-view
I've heard all the rumors and I've holed
other things now the whole thing is we
have to find a way for brie to be
brought back its head wrestling you know
so many times
see people quit get fired lose a match
here and there and they're just brought
back with nothing to it
who knows maybe they'll find a way use
this as an angle into total divas and
bring this to fruition the crowd going
crazy out there in Chicago at least the
CM Punk's are a chance aren't as loud as
I thought they were gonna be we're at
the find out how that Blackhawks games
ends up on NBC then going head to heads
of the LA Kings
CM Punk tweeting a whole bunch of
nonsense dude we love you as a pro
wrestler please just talk about Pro
Wrestling and that's about it for me
hopefully everybody out there is
enjoying it to do the network awesome as
always pre-show match pretty freakin
good looking good looking forward to
doing a good review tonight on this show
cuz uh everything says been up to
standards nothing real bigs happen
tonight except for this but it's been a
good show good fun show better than our
Monday night wrong and that's what I was
thinking these things were to turn into
I'm gonna T Network when they went to uh
live free pay-per-view that there was
any sort of bonus extra super special
shows but man Cesaro and Sheamus gave us
a good match Big E and rusev gave us
another big match so we're gonna have
some fun we're gonna see what's going
down peace out everybody touchy a little
bit later